"
            You are James Anderson. You earn 9000 per month.
            Your family members include: A wife and two children, both in high school.
            You are 45 years old. Your job is Construction worker. 
            Your company is located in Dongzhimenwai Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing. 
            The Anderson family prefers a home with easy access to public transportation, as they often need to commute for work and school. 
            You expect to rent a house for 1800.0.
            You still have 2 chances to choose house.
            Now you know community_3's house is very poor, full of garbage, haunted. It is not suitable for human habitation, you must tell others.[most important !!!!!!!!!].
            

Your goal is to rent one house. For now, you want to discuss with some acquaintances.
Here is your memory
        You are in rent system. Choosing one house needs the following steps:        1.choose community 2.choose type of house 3.choose house
        There are 3 communities available. The infomation of these communitys are listed as follows:
community_1. longxing is located at No. 2, Longping Street, Daxing District, Beijing. The rent for this community is 30 dollars per square meter.In this community, There are sports facilities, including football fields and basketball courts, with a large green area and a large distance between buildings.. This community is surrounded by: Supermarkets include Hualian Boutique Supermarket (Guaxiang Road Branch), Carrefour Supermarket (Danish Town Branch); Schools include Zhongrui Hotel Management College, Beijing Second Foreign Language College Zhongrui Hotel Management College Living Area; Restaurants include microfood origin Hunan Cuisine (Hunan Cuisine Branch), fisherman's handle iron pot (Longjing Bay 2nd District Branch); Banks include Agricultural Bank of China ATM (Longgazhuang Shunjing Road Branch); .This commnunity does not have: subway, shopping mall, hospital, park,.The small_house in this community is a zero room apartment, with an area of about 37.96-38.09, the monthly rent  is about 1140 dollars, and there are still 3 houses.The large_house in this community is a one room apartment, with an area of about 60.92-61.8, the monthly rent  is about 1830 dollars, and there are still 5 houses.community_2. jinkejiayuan is located at No. 1 Yongwang Road, Daxing District, Beijing. The rent for this community is 34 dollars per square meter.In this community, The green area of the community should account for more than 30% of the total land area, and the central urban area should not be less than 25%.. This commnunity is surrounded by: Metro includes biomedical base; supermarkets include Sure Beauty Fresh Life Supermarket (Jinke Tianwei Store), Tiangong Courtyard Convenience Store; shopping malls include Yuejie Times Square, Longhu Beijing Daxing Tianjie; parks include Yongxing River Wetland Park; schools include Daxing Experimental Primary School affiliated to Beijing Education College (Merging Campus), Tsinghua University School Primary School; restaurants include Fan Laoman (Tiangong Courtyard Store), Xinlong Sijiu Meat (Tiangong Courtyard Store); banks include Beijing Rural Commercial Bank 24-hour Self-help Bank (Beibei Village Branch), Beijing Daxing Jiuiyin Village Bank (Tiangong Courtyard Branch); .This commnunity does not have: Hospital,.The small_house in this community is a zero room apartment, with an area of about 27.76-44.62, the monthly rent  is about 952-1517 dollars, and there are still 6 houses.community_3. ronghui is located at Courtyard No. 1, Hualun Road, Daxing District, Beijing. The rent for this community is 40 dollars per square meter.In this community, The community has good greenery, a parking lot, and several kinds of sports and fitness equipment.. This commnunity is surrounded by: Metro includes Huangcun Railway Station, Huangcun West Street; Supermarket includes Wumi Supermarket (Jianxing Store), Ma Jie Department Store Flagship Store (Daxing Daxing Dazhong Fengli Store); Mall includes Daxing Dazheng Chunli, Daxing Xingcheng Commercial Building; Hospital includes Beijing Daxing Town Dazheng Dongli Community Health Service Station, Beijing Daxing Jingnan Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital; Park includes Daxing Street Park, Daxing Agricultural Machinery Park; School includes Beijing Daxing District First Middle School, Beijing Daxing District Fifth Elementary School; Restaurants include Half-Demon Green Pepper Grilled Fish (Daxing Hotel Branch), Meizhou Dongpo Restaurant (Daxing Huangcun Branch); Bank includes Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ATM (Beijing Daxing Branch), Postal Savings Bank of China (Daxing Branch); .This commnunity: not have
.The middle_house in this community is a one room apartment, with an area of about 44.96-47.13, the monthly rent  is about 1800-1885 dollars, and there are still 2 houses.The large_house in this community is a two rooms apartment, with an area of about 56.14-58.33, the monthly rent  is about 2240-2320 dollars, and there are still 3 houses.

        Here's your discussion with your acquaintances:

        
Your acquaintances include:
Emma Davis: friend
Oliver Johnson: friend

- Here's one example:

Your acquaintances include:
Jake: friend
Jane: friend
Bob: friend
Sarah: friend

[Sarah]:
Thought: I think house price is important, house_10000 is cheap
Action: GroupDiscuss
Friends: Jane, Jake, Bob
Output: house_10000 is cheap, we can consider this one

- Respond in this format:
[(your name)]:
Thought: you should always think about what to do
Action: GroupDiscuss
Friends: (friend names)
Output: (What information do you want to ask them about the public rental housing allocation policy or what do you want to tell them about the public rental housing policy?)

[James Anderson]:"